You have to decide, once you have already
segmented, you already understand your
market, etc., you already know what
customers are people and others,
you have to decide who you
are going to, right?
How many you go, etc.
And well, because we can help a little
the east model of targeting
strategies, which in the end are
the different options we have
as to whether to address
the entire market, segment
and others.
It is very simple, you have the option
of the mass market, in which what you
do is not segment, try to direct
yourself to the entire market in
an indifferent way.
Decathlon is a
sport for all sports
fans.
For example, we will think of real
estate agencies, because an
agency like Tecnokasa, for example,
with a very broad proposal
of properties of many types,
etc.
As you can see, they are trying to capture
the entire market.
Now, let’s go to the segmentation strategy.
In this case, we are segmenting
the market.
We have identified that there
are several segments or several
different customers, but what
we do is adapt to each of
them, we adapt to each of
them.
I can give you an example, I know, Inditex,
because it is a group that has different
brands because with each brand it
is directed to different segments,
to different customers people.
We have a niche strategy.
In this case, what we do is choose,
it is a strategic decision.
We choose to focus on a niche,
a segment or a very specific
customer person.
Then we will see the benefits of this.
We focus on him.
Examples, because we can compare
that before we saw the mass
market of Decathlon, because we
will think of a company that
is aimed only at bicycle fans,
for example.
That has a chain of stores for
cyclists or for runners, for example,
or paddle.
They would be different niches within
the total sports enthusiast market.
We have seen the example of the real
estate agency Tecnokasa, because
we will think of Promora, which
is a real estate agency that
is mainly in the moraleja,
with properties of much value,
etc.
And we could also include approaches,
micromarketing strategies, such
as local marketing where
you are simply targeting
because you are associated
with a region.
If you have a restaurant,
this is local marketing.
Individual marketing would be that
you are basically segmenting
person by person and your proposal
is adapting it to each of the
people.
And I think, imagine that you
have a consultancy and you almost
don’t have defined your portfolio
and what you do is that each of
the customers is creating proposals
or services adapted to each
of them.